Add wg installation (#469)
kyma-project/community: collaboration/wg-installation/README.md

#  Installation Working Group

The purpose of this working group is to:
* Publicly represent Kyma installation topics.
* Facilitate collaboration with external contributors.
* Discuss and work on installation and upgrade improvements/aspects:
	* Process 
		* Design - rethink how it should look like
		* Complexity - straightforward and declarative apporach with limitted manual steps

> 		* Time consumption - focus on how long does it take to install/upgrade kyma

Reviewer: I would expect here also:
* discover and store current baseline for installation time
* monitoring and notifications mechanism about the degradation of installation time

	* Observability 
	* Parallell processing with dependency management	
	* Pluggability of components
	* Error handling and debugging
	* Underlying technology

## Contact

* [Slack](https://kyma-community.slack.com/archives/CD2HJ0E78)
* [Google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kyma-sig-core)
* [Open community issues and pull requests](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/labels/area%2Finstallation) - separate label wg-installation to be discussed.

## Meetings

* [Tuesday at 16:00 CEST](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/3abtp9lh0mn3iiov5772jftccc%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
* [Slack](https://kyma-community.slack.com/messages/CD2HJ0E78)
* Frequency: weekly 
* [Meeting notes and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19lM_wDLXRV-8rQQ7ZxFtasr6kgGRCwUm0kJaAK3NNik)
* [Meeting recordings]() - To be discussed

## Leaders

* [Piotr Bochyński](https://github.com/pbochynski)
* [Piotr Mścichowski](https://github.com/piotrmsc)
* More leaders will be elected afer the first meeting if proposed

## Members

* [wg-installation](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/teams/wg-installation)

## Owned repositories

* WG does not own (yet) any repository

> ## Reference

Reviewer: I suggest adding as a reference link to GitHub issue with the [proposal of this group](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/464). We have there details about success measures which will be helpful to close the group at some point.

> Read the [**Special Interest Group & Working Group**](#special-interest-group-working-group-special-interest-group-working-group) document to learn about the structure of Kyma SIGs and WGs.

Reviewer: fix the link to SIG/WG governance model: [**Special Interest Group & Working Group**](/kyma-project/community/blob/master/collaboration/01-sig-and-wg.md)

#  Installation Working Group

The purpose of this working group is to:
* Publicly represent Kyma installation topics.
* Facilitate collaboration with external contributors.

> * Discuss and work on installation and upgrade improvements/aspects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Discuss and work on the installation and upgrade improvements/aspects:
```

	* Process 
		* Design - rethink how it should look like
		* Complexity - straightforward and declarative apporach with limitted manual steps

> 		* Time consumption - focus on how long does it take to install/upgrade kyma

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		* Time consumption - focus on how long it takes to install/upgrade Kyma
```

	* Configuration and maintenance 
	* Observability 

> 	* Parallell processing with dependency management	

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* Parallel processing with dependency management	
```

	* Pluggability of components
	* Error handling and debugging
	* Underlying technology

## Contact

* [Slack](https://kyma-community.slack.com/archives/CD2HJ0E78)
* [Google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kyma-sig-core)

> * [Open community issues and pull requests](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/labels/area%2Finstallation) - separate label wg-installation to be discussed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Open community issues and pull requests](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/labels/area%2Finstallation) - a separate **wg-installation** label to be discussed.
```

## Meetings

* [Tuesday at 16:00 CEST](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/3abtp9lh0mn3iiov5772jftccc%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
* [Slack](https://kyma-community.slack.com/messages/CD2HJ0E78)
* Frequency: weekly 
* [Meeting notes and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19lM_wDLXRV-8rQQ7ZxFtasr6kgGRCwUm0kJaAK3NNik)
* [Meeting recordings]() - To be discussed

## Leaders

* [Piotr Bochyński](https://github.com/pbochynski)
* [Piotr Mścichowski](https://github.com/piotrmsc)
* More leaders will be elected afer the first meeting if proposed

## Members

* [wg-installation](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/teams/wg-installation)

> # Exit criteria

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Exit criteria
```

I would use H2 here as well

> * Group will work out technical concept and way to install/upgrade kyma meeting all the given requirements mentioned [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/8664)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The group works out the technical concept and the way to install/upgrade Kyma. This concept should meet all the requirements mentioned in the issue describing the [redesign of the kyma-operator](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/8664).
```

> * Members will be inactive or interest will significantly drop down making it very hard to drive and implement topics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Members are inactive or interest drops significantly making it very hard to drive and implement topics.
```

> * All the goals will be met/completed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All the goals are achieved/completed.
```

> * Global product priorities will change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* There is a change in product priorities.
```

## Owned repositories

> * WG does not own (yet) any repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The installation working group does not own any repository yet.
```

## Reference

* Working Group proposal PR : https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/464

> 

Reviewer 2: remove the black lines :)
